(((((book page1of21
	  Never rub another man’s rhubarb (5)
	  	    May you have an abundance of life’s shining moments
		    Zues
		    Smallberries
		    Rgof!!
		    SHaxkraxcAISN
		    Emperor
		    Sterculius
		    Lessmoo
		    13may!
		    Ragnarok
		    sIsosIg
		    ACACACAC
		    2good2forget
		    I don’t feel like going to school (7)
		    CZZDDAY
		    May I have sex with your shoe (7)
		    cerberus
		    kickme!
		    NSILADP!
		    freovher
		    4sa7ya
		    itjstiz
		    onemug
		    nothing quite a wonderful as money (6)
		    noothcr (No other car)
		    boloxx
		    tredo
		    rotein
		    dasrot1
		    51994
		    Gottspd
		    I’m not dead yet (4)
		    We are, we are the sultans of swing (8)
		    It’s springtime for Hitler in Germany (6)
		    I am a golden God (5)
		    I remember the time I was in a rattan festoon in Goonrot (12)
		    Good God Flotsom…. Your fat (5)
		    Myrmidon
		    Smuuth1
		    The poetry has left my soul
		    AYT1H5 (backwards)
		    Strychnine ---- C21H22N2O2
		    Mescaline -----C11H17NO3
		    Cocaine -----C17H21NO4
			Caffine -----C8H10N4O2
			Remind me again why I love it here
Led Zeplin		Hello hello is there anybody in there
Wild Cherry		Play that funky music white boy
     			SIYABONGA
Loki			MODGOCK
			Why can’t I just win the lottery
			I was one of a team of 7				(8)
POE			there can be miracles if you believe			(7)
Power Puff Girls	Mojo-Jojo						(9)
Philip Rowe		Club FOP! It’s bigger than huge				(6)
			Oh yeah another dollar for the voices in my head	(10)
			Q: Whats the difference between a duck			(6)
			A: One of it’s ears are both the same			(8)
No Doubt		I’m in the mood so just give it up. 			(9)
   			emofwo							(6)
			dasrot1							(7)
Ghost Busters		I've seen shit that would turn you white 		(8)
Philip			It's good to have people fear you			(7)
			This doesn't feel like a Kodak moment			(7)
			So this is a Kodak moment				(6)
Army of Darkness	Good or Bad its' good to have money			(8)
   "			Good or Bad...I'm the man with the gun			(9)
			Love can rock you never stop you			(7)
			NOPE, still doesn't feel like a Kodak moment		(8)
Larry			NEVER underestimate the power of a small tactical nuclear weapon (10)
SouthPark		Don't call me fat you fucking jew			(7)
Def Leppard		It's better to burn out than fade away			(8)
			Done Done I'm on the next one				(7)
Brad Reinke 11aug03	Not a step stool big enough				(6)
Heidi			God aint no chicken man					(5)
Reno 911		I am a XXY						(6)

(page2of21)
ACDC			Forget the herse...cuz I'll never die			(7)
Austin Powers		Got a whole bag of SHHHHH right here			(8)
QEftSG aug03		In our community...thats considered bad			(6)
			Be careful what you ask for				(6)
			If I ruled the world					(5)
			one two three four five six seven eight ....		(infity)
			What's love got to do with it?				(7)
			OK OK!  I take it back.   UNFUCK you			(8)
Philip			Aren't we a fucking ray of sunshine			(7)
Aerosmith		Sing for the laughter sing for the tears		(8)
Evanessance		Save me from the dark thing I have become		(9)
Fountains of Wayne	Stacy's mom has got ot going on	   			(7)
Heidi	     		It hurts to lye in one position all night		(9)
siggy			Touched by God... but not in a good way			(9)
Van Halen		My doctor says I need a laxative    			(6)
    			NOT in my store you don't				(6)
(page 3of 21)
			Our lips are so close					(5)
			NOT if you were the LAST imigrant groser on Earth...Hunny	(11)
			I know... Lets go outside and play hide and go FUCK yourself	(13)
Heidi 29nov12		if you eat pussy the same way you drive, you suck at that too (14)
       	   	     	Never trust an atom. They make up everything.		(8)
Heidi			Dammit I'm mad" spelled backwards "Dammit I'm mad	(8)

Groucho			I like my cigar too but I take it out once in a while	(13)
Meatloaf		So now I'm waiting for the end of time, to end my time with you (16)
Police			Giant steps are what you take, walking on the moon (10)
Firefly			I wishes were horses, we'd all be eating steak (9)
Sherlock Homes		Nothing makes a smart man stupid like a thirst for vengence (11)
	 		My family is a treasure, you need a map and shovels to find them (14)
			"...my handwriting is like a drunk spider that fell in an inkpot and tried to walk on the page." (19)
			Sly and the family stone thank you falettinme be mice elf agin (12)
			"Ignorance is a voluntary condition, and can be treated. When it's not, it becomes stupidity, which is terminal."  (18)
			My mother said to only say nice things about the dead. He's dead. How nice. (15)
			...FLOPS could be slowed by the speed of light... (9 or 13)
Red			Frank, I never thought I'd say this again... I am getting the PIG (13... 14 if you count the comma)
Dr. Who			Great men are forged in fire; it is the priveledge of lesser men to light the fire. (17)
youtube    		Fuck Me In The Ass Because I Love Jesus (9)
Charlie Day		"The higher you climb in life, the more ridiculous your hat will become." (13)
The Soup		"No one would care if you went missing (8)
Grimm			If I didn't know you better, I'd be in love with you. (12)
Hesco			Speed cost money --- How fast do you want to go? (11)
Survivor		All the crayons in her crayon box are NOT bright. (10)
			5 words to describe my job "grumpy hackers with monkey wrenches" (11)
			Jehovah's Witnesses don't celebrate Halloween. I guess they don't appreciate random people coming up to their door. (17)
			All things to all people at all times (8)
			They meet every year in 1985 (9)
Dee Snider 		"They had no idea I spoke English fluently."(8)
    			People say I hammer like lightning. It's not that I'm fast -- it's that I never hit the same place twice! (20)
AR20			"I gave you my worldly, yoda like advice and you chose to ignore it" (14)
OT			DON'T tell me the facts, I have my own story (10)
Soup (Virgin Territory)	...I put my junk in her squishy area and shook it around and stuff.  I liked it. (17)
     	     		A priest, a pedophile, and a rapist walk into a bar.  AND that was just the first guy. (17)
			You can't shake the whore tree and expect an angel to fall out. (13)
			you have the right to your own opinion, you don't have the right to your own facts (17)
			the pain you feel today is the strength you feel tomorrow (11)
OT			somerandompasswd (16)
OT			someotherrandompasswd (21)
Soup			"Oh, no, you don't want to eat me. I smell of French cigarettes and taste of the gout." (17)
Red2			Marvin, is that a stick of dynamite in your pocket? (10)
			    Yeah, but I was saving it for an emergency. (8)
Red2			Q: Where did you get the bodies? A: My freezer 			  
			Chuck Norris knows what color his mirror is. (8)
			Life has yet to FUCK you....Buckle up Bitch (9)
			When you let me take I’m grateful. When you let me give I’m blessed. (14)
Jon Cruz at SCALE 13x   "If your text editor can defeat you at chess, it might be a bit overengineered." (15)
     	     	   	(reflecting on the power of Emacs.)
			Excuses are for people who don't want it bad enough. (10)
			Your desire to change MUST be greater than your desire to stay the same. (14)
			My grandfather has the heart of a lion, and a lifetime ban from the zoo. (16)
Albert Einstein	 	"Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value."
George Orwell 		“If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what 
       			they do not want to hear.” (20)
Soup			"...show up my neighbor with her fancy tidal wave of menstration." (11)
Pitch Perfect 2		"it's like all my teeth were taken from other people." (10)
      	      		"I used to play sports. Then I realized you can buy trophies. Now I am good at everything." (18)
			I can explain it to you. But I can not understand it for you. (14)
			The last time my head rang like this I woke up next to a dead man! (16)
Louis CK 		"When you have bacon in your mouth, it doesn't matter who the President is." (14)
James Altucher    	"When I grow up I want to be a little boy again." (12)
Henry Ford		"Whether you think you can, or think you can’t...you’re right." (11)
      			"life the universe and everything" (42)
OT			"There is a checkbox somewhere that needs to be checked." (10)
OT	 		"askhole" people who ask your opinion...they ignore what you say (11)
Albert Einstein		"Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value." (16)
Martin Luther King Jr.  "The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends towards justice." (13)
Theodore Logan        	"Be EXCELLENT to each other." (5) ALSO attributed to Bill S. Preston
Tom Schroeder	 	"We are not happy until you are not happy." (with regards to the security group) (9)
Fletch			"It's always darkest before it goes pitch black" (8)
Italian proverb		'At the end of the game, the king and the pawn go back in the same box.' (17)
			When you are in a tank, things don't happen to you, YOU happen to them. (14)
			Do butterflies get tramp stamps of fat, unemployed women? (10)
Beasty Boys		"I like my sugar with coffee and cream" (8)
B. Banzai       	"No matter where you go, there you are." (8)
Gen. George S. Patton   “Compared to war, all other forms of human endeavor shrink to insignificance.” (12)
     	       		for every cigarette you smoke God takes an hour of your life, and gives it to Keith Richards (18)
Battleship		"Oh brudah.... Somebody gunna kiss a donkey" (7)
			In my defense.... I was left unsupervised (7)
			Q: Can I ask how much you drink in an average week?  A: All I can. (14)
A.J.Murphy		"Dead or alive, you're coming with me." (7)
C. Ovre			"Have you ever seen a grown man naked?"
   			you still want to tongue-punch her in the fart-box (11)
			"If you are more fortunate than others, build a longer table, not a higher fence"(15)
			Today I will gladly share my knowledge and experience, for there are no sweeter words than "I told you so".(20)
Louis (Rick Moranis)	"I am Vinz Clortho.  I am the keymaster of Gozer." (10)
      	    		If your skin was any thinner, you'd be a taint (10)
Miguel de Cervantes	"In order to attain the impossible, one must attempt the absurd." 
skips  	  		"My daddy told me I was built upside down...my nose runs and my feet smell"
George Orwell		“If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.” (20)
       			"Every time I hear the dirty word 'exercise', I wash my mouth out with chocolate." (15)
			THANKS, now I feel better about the fact that I've been too lazy to walk across my own continent 
			to throw something into a volcano.(25)
			There is no situation so bad that you can't make it worse. (12)
Stewie			I like you when the world is mine your death shall be quick and painless (15)
Bachelor		How do you think we make great television? (8) Refering to alcohol
John Oliver		"...a blue whale's tounge weighs more than an elephant" (9)
     			this is not apples and oranges, this is apples and your house burned down (14)
Inigo Montoya		"You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means."(16)
      			"...each side was arguing from its own set of facts...." (10)
			"Ask her if it hurt when she broke through earth's crust as she ascended from hell." (16)
Mark Twain		"To much of anything is bad, but too much whiskey is barely enough."
The Doctor		"...loss of memories, people you went to school with or how to drink liquids" (14)
The Doctor		"I heard shouting...have you stuck your finger in something, again?" (11)
Dr. Gregory House	"I cared for 8 seconds. Then I got distracted." (9)
Project Binky    	"looks like Stevie Wonder's even more blind brother cut the speaker holes" (12)
Project Binky		"If it handles like a blind pig in a thunder storm...it's no use to me."
Heidi			There's a cow tied to a horse trailer in the parking lot (12)
Ilan Rabinovitch	"There are enough new mistakes to make; we don't need to repeat the old ones." (15)
     			Boobs are like soda. Nobody likes them flat! (8)
			Failure is not an option... It comes bundled with Windows. (10)
Dr. Raymond Stantz	"Everything was fine with our system until the power grid was shut off by dickless here." (16)
Elbert Hubbard    	"Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists of not exceeding that limit” (20)
Airplane		"Keith, Jared there is a fire in the barn. (9)
			"...God, he could charm the magic underwear off a Morman." (10)
			If you leave the zoo without a penguin you are not trying hard enough. (14)
John Oliver TWT		"If you are going to skin a ferrit you better bring your dancing shoes." (14)
Tom Wilson  		"Wisdom doesn't necessarily come with age. Sometimes age just shows up all by itself." (14) 
George Burns		"By the time you're eighty years old you've learned everything. You only have to remember it." (16)
David Mamet		"Old age and treachery will always beat youth and exuberance." (10)
Kate Upton		"I had to make sure my balls were in check." (10)
Thomas Edison		"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." (12)
       			“Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.”
			HATE is nature perfect energy source.  It's endlessly renewable. (10)
			Do crabs think fish are flying? (7)
			If you have to write your ethics rules down, you have already lost. (13)
Airplane		Chump don't want no help, chump don't get no help (10)
anonymous		"If your screams sound like you’re being circumcised with an epileptic wolverine, then that’s going too far." (17)
Joel Henricks		"I tell the computers what to do.  I get sad when they don't." (13)
Lora Hawkins   		"They are unbelievably inconsiderate and I hope all involved step on a lego!" (14)
     			Walk like you have been sent to murder Captain America (10)
			Like an Italian concert hall from hell (7) 
			Straigh aways are for fast cars, corners are for fast drivers (11)
			we don't have a town drunk we all take turns (10)
			you are making too many sober decisions (7)
			sharks can fly now and they know where you live (10)
			the Walter Cronkite of shreiking batshit gorilla clowns (8)
GoT			men shit themselves when they die, or didn't they teach you that at fancy lad school
			finishes 3rd in a field of 2
			so why does the the brain skip the second the? (10)
the goodplace		clam chowder is just hot ocean milk with dead animal croutons (11)
Dennis Miller		Your nose never itches when your foot is caught in a bear trap. (13)
       			You just don't see enough people being taken away in straight jackets anymore (13)
			Being with you makes waiting for the next episode of Seinfeld easier to bear (14)
			Lucky for me, I don't have enough friends for an intervention (11)
			For every Cristmas tree lit before Thanksgiving an elf drowns a baby reindeer (13)
GetFuzzy		... how 'bout NEVER POISONSOMEONE YOU MIGHT EAT LATER ...
			did you fall from heaven, because so did satan (9)
			if people are making you sick...maybe you should cook them longer (12)
Robert Heinlein		Progress isn't made by early risers. It's made by lazy men trying to find easier ways to do something.(19)
       			The Kardashians are wrestling without the sports. . . or entertainment (9)
The Good Place		How do you smell loud and confusing? (7) [the sent of transformers]
Happy!	 		The language on this one.  You suck a captains dick with that mouth? (13)
			I take my kids everywhere! The problem is, they keep finding their way back home! (15)
Frank Moore Colby	"I have found some of the best reasons I ever had for remaining at the bottom simply by looking at the men at the top." (25)
      	    		La Croix tastes like the liquid version of saying “we’ll fix it in post”. (14)
			It's as if stupid and idiot had a baby and then dropped it. (13)
LA2Vegas		What's the point of your lumberjack hands if you can't hold on to anything (14)
			oooooooooo.... Now I do have a fetish ()
			Don't judge someone just because they sin differently than you (10)
Grocho Marx		"Who are you going to believe, me or your own eyes?"
Grocho Marx       	"You can leave in a huff.  Or you can leave in a minute and a huff."
Grocho Marx		I don't have a photograph, but you can have my footprints.  They're upstairs in my socks."
       			"...me stumbling around the pole on 5 inch heels looking like a disabled baby deer with a cane..." (18)
			"OK" is a stick figure laying on its back. (10)
			You never actually go through a door.  You go around the door. (12)
			Your opinion can not get in the way of my facts. (11)
			Your stupidity is about to exceed the limits of my medication. (11)
			May your path of life be strune with legos (9)
LA2VEGAS		"...he is on fire, just like Left handed children in my village." (12)
Mark Twait		"If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed.  If you read teh newspaper you're misinformed."
Michael Eisen		"Politicians should be deciding what to do based on what's true, not deciding what's true."







